welcome to digital tool box this is part
five of the door definition tutorial and
today we're just going to create a
vbscript to toggle between the left and
right swing so I'm going to grab the vb
button and i'm going to zoom in here and
before we do anything else I need to go
to parameters and grab a beer epp I'm
going to need to each for one for each
door and I'm also going to need a curve
for the arc copy and paste and then for
x i'm just going to name it as left
underscore door why is left underscore
swing going to the input manager and
then i'm going to type in right
underscore door right underscore swing
and then the frame the door underscore
stop and then toggle
add that and then click OK and then
output manager I'm going to add a b c d
e and f grab a boolean toggle also
that's true way I'm preview all these
curves and B reps so left door left
swing right door right swing frame and
the door stop so now we'll go into our
code if toggle equals true then a equals
left underscore door be B equals left
underscore swing else if toggle equals
true I mean toggle equals false then C
equals right right door d equals right
underscore swing and if and then e will
equal door stop f equal frame and then
click OK just to make sure make sure
just to make sure going to type int for
a left door say on be rep left swing
type hint on curve right door on be rep
right swing on curve frame is on be rep
doorstop is on be rep and the toggle is
bullying so now if we toggle true and
false we can switch between the left and
right doors and I'm going to grab a
receiver I'm going to input all this
into the receiver then grab geometry
rename JAMA trias door I'm preview the
vbscript grab the receiver door and the
toggle I'm just going to move it over to
the left side
and that's how you create the door in
grasshopper and thanks for watching